Once upon a time there was a mouse called John.
But John was not an ordinary mouse.
John was a Magic Mouse.
John could do tricks.
John could balance a carrot on his head while hopping up and down and whistling the William Tell Overture.
Not many mice can do that.
Not many mice can balance anything on their head.
Not many mice can hop, with or without a pogo stick.
Not many mice can whistle anything.
And almost no mice can do any 2 of these things at once.
And even fewer can do all of these together.
But John could.
Some other things John could do include flying a kite.
And operating a washing machine.
He could even do both at once.
Scientific research shows only 0.00000001% of mice can do that.
John was in that 0.00000001%.
John used to tour the country.
He used to put on Great Mysterious Mouse Shows.
He doesn't any more.
Because now he is a Detective.
Not a detective.
A Detective.
A Slightly Scared Detective.
He hasn't gone on any Mysteries yet.
He is going on one tomorrow.
He is very excited.




Chapter 2
What makes John extra extra excited is the fact that the Mystery is called The 32 Days.
All the other Mysteries John has heard of have Very Boring names.
Like The Red Mystery.
John's favorite mystery so far is called the Blue-and-Red-Stripy-Mystery.
The logo for the Blue-and-Red-Stripy-Mystery is surprisingly Purple and Orange stripes.
Anyway.
The Mystery John is going on is about the fact that on all the calendars across the world, there has been a Mysterious Thirty-Second of April.



Chapter 3
John is veryveryveryveryveryvery excited.
Today is the Mystery Solving Day!!!

Chapter 4
John goes down the street. He enters the new coffee bar, The Green Tea Leaf On 22nd Street.
It has quite a long name, doesn't it?
It has quite a loud noise, too.
As John enters The Green Tea Leaf On 22nd Street the AbbySecurity bell above the door plays Sibelius 3 on 125% volume with Over-Amplification on, of course.
He pushes the first seat in front of the counter to the left and jumps 3 times on the floor board below.
Then he whispers "Cafeteria Basillotta Whipped Cream Duck" at the board.
Then three of the boards rise up, and then down again, and they start glowing Yuzu-Yellow.
John jumps on to the middle board.
John and the boards rise up on a podium.
John and the boards rise up very high.
John's head is touching the ceiling.
Then John and the boards go back down again at a ferocious speed.
John and the boards do not stop, pass go, or indeed collect £200 as they whizzz past the floor of The Green Tea Leaf On 22nd Street.
John and the boards go whizzz crash bang through the floor of The Green Tea Leaf On 22nd Street.
John and the boards land crash bang wallop smoothly on the floor of what looks like a huge MetalWorks Pro 500 Gasomatic Gasometer.
John walks off the boards.
John goes to the front desk entitled "Front Desk".
John thinks "This chapter is getting quite long."


Chapter 5
At the front desk is a old man. He is wearing a shirt saying both "I am NOT an OLD MAN" and also "I like APPLES." John says, “Hello. Are you Grimble?”
“Yes, I am. I believe you are John?”
“Yes.”
“You have come to try and solve the beautifully named Mystery 593847575985, also known as April 32?”
“Mm-hmm.”
“Come with me, John.”
